# lab5-updated
There is a computational system COMP. The names of its computational modules are stored in file “modules.txt”. New ones can be appended to the end of the file. The system displays the module names on GUI in an ascending order. Some modules may require the user input, and a dialog will pop up. The user can randomly pick a module to perform computation. In the beginning, the default value is 0 and the value is updated based on the later computations of the chosen modules. Five modules can accept an input, and they are Initialize, Sum, Subtract, Product and Power. The Initialize sets the value to the input value, the Sum adds the input value to the current value, the Subtract deducts the input value from the current value, the Product multiplies the input value to the current value, and the Power treats the input as an exponent to the current value. There is one other math module Log that does not need an input. This module simply calculates the logarithm to the current value. Note that new modules are developed incrementally, and the goal is to achieve no code change to the existing system. Make sure the inheritance relationship of the design is correctly modeled, because not all modules accept an input argument. In other words, a class should only own methods that it can call.
(4 pts) Submit the UML class diagram design and circle the applied design patterns in the diagram. Provide all required attributes, methods, classes, and relationships. (4 pts) (6 pts) Implement the system in C#. Make sure that the GUI can easily accommodate the addition or removal of modules in the modules.txt file. Hint: ListBox and ComboBox are easier to display multiple items. (6 pts)
